I all folks is max from haven't thought
of a new site yet but these are my new
fish there we go that's my new sucker
fish it's called palatinus or something
anyway and give you a close-up he eats
up all the bottom ah food when it's left
over I've got like six carries the the
snails here one two three I got four
fish is there see there's a fish there
and I've got double I've got all I've
got a big air filter water filter and I
even have an undergravel filter so it
keeps the the fish is happy I've got it
at around 75 I even have a infrared
thermometer that's 70 4.2 so that's not
too bad I think 75 degrees and also I've
got this stickers that show you if the
water if the ammonia levels are going to
be okay or not it seems ok on the
borderline the pH levels here maybe
that's that's how you get the fish to
live I guess but it looks water looks
really good I mean that's how you have a
little small aquarium it's kind of cool
look at that guy set for fish friggin
awesome
oh yeah oh yeah oh and check out these
the snails are freaking awesome I don't
know I'm just so into fish and stuff now
look at that guy it is ok looks like
Santa Claus can give you presents and
then I've got the white guy here it's
all like crazy looking oh yeah i'm using
my droid razr by the way check out deal
the digital zoom on it check that out
right there perfect nobody says hi and
add some more here see anyway that's
just my query colorful